Back End Development and APIs/Timestamp Microservice/README.md, before:

# Timestamp Microservice
Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: https://timestamp-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone this GitHub repo and complete your project locally.
- Use our Replit starter project to complete your project.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

If you use Replit, follow these steps to set up the project:

- Start by importing the project on Replit.
- Next, you will see a .replit window.
- Select Use run command and click the Done button.
When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the Solution Link field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the GitHub Link field.

Note: Time zones conversion is not a purpose of this project, so assume all sent valid dates will be parsed with new Date() as GMT dates.

Commit message:

Missing Files, Fixed README, Organized
Finished the Back End section on freeCodeCamp, so touched up the README for each project, uploaded some files I was missing for a few projects, and organized some of the project's files/folders.

Back End Development and APIs/Timestamp Microservice/README.md, after:

# Timestamp Microservice
Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: https://timestamp-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

Live project link - https://replit.com/@beelzeboss/boilerplate-project-timestamp

## Tests

 - You should provide your own project, not the example URL.
 - A request to /api/:date? with a valid date should return a JSON object with a unix key that is a Unix timestamp of the input date in milliseconds (as type Number)
 - A request to /api/:date? with a valid date should return a JSON object with a utc key that is a string of the input date in the format: Thu, 01 Jan 1970 00:00:00 GMT
 - A request to /api/1451001600000 should return { unix: 1451001600000, utc: "Fri, 25 Dec 2015 00:00:00 GMT" }
 - Your project can handle dates that can be successfully parsed by new Date(date_string)
 - If the input date string is invalid, the api returns an object having the structure { error : "Invalid Date" }
 - An empty date parameter should return the current time in a JSON object with a unix key
 - An empty date parameter should return the current time in a JSON object with a utc key
